Mark GlobalScope as delicate API and rewrite coroutine basics doc without it (#2637)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: docs/topics/coroutine-context-and-dispatchers.md

a _child_ of the parent coroutine's job. When the parent coroutine is cancelled, all its children
are recursively cancelled, too. 

However, this parent-child relation can be explicitly overriden in one of two ways:

> 1. When a different scope is explicitly specified when launching a coroutine (e.g. `GlobalScope.launch`), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When a different scope is explicitly specified when launching a coroutine (for example, `GlobalScope.launch`), 
```
